Just treat it as your own home, please
Ah brat
It gave me a heart attack
Why are you taking a shower in my room, Miss Chen?
Excuse me.
I'm in the wrong place.
What are you doing, Miss Chen?
You clean the room and cook for me
I can't repay this
You can only promise someone a white shore
Then you can't bite me either!
Are you a dog?
Sleep with me tonight
You can't sleep well
Sleep or don't expect me to help you
The older the bunny, the less attractive it became.
Mr. Jia, I checked, and he did die temporarily.
His every move is so eager to try
How could I not recognize mine?
That's okay.
Even if he is not my teacher
I can also turn him into my teacher
As long as he is by my side
Just like everything is by my side
boss
Mr. Jiangnan went crazy in the ward again today
Pulled to rescue
If he wants to die, let him die
Go get ready
Tomorrow I'm going to take Chen Lin to visit someone's meeting
Back to you
I'd like to see it
The one that can derail the future
How capable is it?
Hahaha yes yes
I'm about to become Lin Xu
The determination of the group board of directors
over the top
I have a guest coming, I hang up
Why is Xiao Xiao here?
He also said to come to congratulate him
Now the city is locked down and worth tens of billions is the youngest president
It's your Aunt Wang Yuan, long time no see
want to see you
What did I say, don't let me see you again
What can be done then?
Now I am Jiang Yu's fiancee
We're going to see each other every day